capital = 48
oob = "BUL_1910"

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.66
set_war_support = 0.75
set_convoys = 5
add_manpower = 150000

recruit_character = BUL_ferdinand_i
recruit_character = BUL_grand_national_assembly
recruit_character = BUL_aleksandar_tsankov
recruit_character = BUL_dimitar_blagoev

recruit_character = BUL_boris_iii
recruit_character = BUL_vasil_radoslavov
recruit_character = BUL_aleksandar_stamboliyski

recruit_character = BUL_nikola_mushanov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_zhekov
recruit_character = BUL_kimon_georgiev
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_lukov
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_fichev
recruit_character = BUL_radko_dimitriev
recruit_character = BUL_dmitry_dobrev
recruit_character = BUL_vicho_dikov
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_kolev
recruit_character = BUL_rashko_serafimov
recruit_character = BUL_vladimir_vazov
recruit_character = BUL_todor_kantardzhiev
recruit_character = BUL_panteley_kiselov
recruit_character = BUL_kliment_boyadzhiev
recruit_character = BUL_vasil_kutinchev
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_vazov
recruit_character = BUL_stoyan_danev
recruit_character = BUL_teodor_teodorov
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_evstratiev_geshov
recruit_character = BUL_danail_nikolaev
recruit_character = BUL_konstantin_zhostov
recruit_character = BUL_stancho_dimitriev
recruit_character = BUL_george_vazov
recruit_character = BUL_aleksandar_malinov
recruit_character = BUL_prvan_prvanov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_genadiev
recruit_character = BUL_vasil_zlatarov
recruit_character = BUL_radul_milkov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_ivanov
recruit_character = BUL_mikhail_madzharov

1910.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1909.7.5" 
		election_frequency = 24 
		elections_allowed = yes
	}	
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 0
		communism = 3
		democratic = 45
		neutrality = 52
	}
	add_ideas = {
		limited_conscription
		BUL_idea_national_assembly
		BUL_idea_agrarian_economy_n1
	}

	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		
		#doctrine
		ww1_landdoctrine = 1
		
		#navy
		transport = 1
		
		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		basic_train = 1
        
	}
}	
1914.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1914.8.17" 
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100

	add_stability = -0.35
	add_war_support = 0.18
	
	set_country_flag = join_balkan_league
	set_country_flag = kis_secondbalkanwar_start
	set_country_flag = kis_secondbalkan_war
	
	complete_national_focus = BUL_new_balkan_power
	complete_national_focus = BUL_anti_ottoman_diplomacy
	# unlock_national_focus = BUL_treaty_of_friendship
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_confront_great_serbia
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_anti_ottoman_crusade
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_lozengradska_operacija
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_united_headquarters
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_great_battleplan_experience

	complete_national_focus = BUL_thieving_allies
	complete_national_focus = BUL_war_with_serbia
	complete_national_focus = BUL_first_national_catastrophe
	complete_national_focus = BUL_ferdinands_rule
	complete_national_focus = BUL_curbed_ambitions
	complete_national_focus = BUL_continue_militarisation
	complete_national_focus = BUL_military_stuff_reorganisation
	complete_national_focus = BUL_bulgarian_militarism
	complete_national_focus = BUL_doctrine_effort
	complete_national_focus = BUL_cavalry_tactics
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_urbanization_of_sofia
	complete_national_focus = BUL_agrarian_economy
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_expand_civilian_industry
	complete_national_focus = BUL_extensive_urbanisation
	complete_national_focus = BUL_land_distribution
	complete_national_focus = BUL_expand_the_BDZ
	complete_national_focus = BUL_burgas_airfields
	complete_national_focus = BUL_fighter_research
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_black_sea_presence
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_varna_port
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_mediterranean_sea_access

	add_ideas = {
		low_economic_mobilisation
		BUL_idea_first_national_catastrophe_2
	}
	
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}

	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}

	set_naval_oob = "BUL_1910_naval_legacy"

	# Torpedo Gunboats #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nadezhda Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
	# Torpedo Boats #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Drazki Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}

	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		improved_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}

	set_naval_oob = "BUL_1910_naval_mtg"

	# Torpedo Gunboats #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nadezhda Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = BUL_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	
	# Torpedo Boats #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Drazki Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = BUL_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}