capital = 898


set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.60
set_convoys = 60

add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = HAI
	modifier = historical_friend
}


recruit_character = GRE_stefanos_dragoumis
recruit_character = GRE_eleftherios_venizelos
recruit_character = GRE_george_i
recruit_character = GRE_spiridon_lambros
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_zorbas
recruit_character = GRE_platon_drakoulis
recruit_character = GRE_avraam_benaroya
recruit_character = GRE_andreas_michalakopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_constantine_i
recruit_character = GRE_panagiotis_danglis
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_sapountzakis
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_stratos
recruit_character = GRE_emmanouil_repoulis
recruit_character = GRE_dimitrios_gounaris
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_zaimis
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_theotokis
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_mpaltantzis
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_papanastasiou
recruit_character = GRE_ioannis_metaxas
recruit_character = GRE_leonidas_empeirikos
recruit_character = GRE_miltiadis_negrepontis
recruit_character = GRE_stylianos_gonatas
recruit_character = GRE_paulos_gyparis
recruit_character = GRE_ionas_dragoumis
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_plastiras
recruit_character = GRE_theodoros_pangalos
recruit_character = GRE_pavlos_kountouriotis
recruit_character = GRE_dimitrios_kamperos
recruit_character = GRE_michail_moutousis
recruit_character = GRE_petros_protopapadakis
recruit_character = GRE_nikos_dimitratos
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_yannios
recruit_character = GRE_collective_leadership

recruit_character = GRE_alexander
recruit_character = GRE_george_ii
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_nider
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_votsis
recruit_character = GRE_leonidas_paraskevopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_emmanouil_zymvrakakis
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_hatzianestis
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_kondylis
recruit_character = GRE_anastasios_papoulas
recruit_character = GRE_prince_andreas
recruit_character = GRE_dimitrios_rallis
recruit_character = GRE_victor_dousmanis
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_kallaris
recruit_character = GRE_mark_kerr
recruit_character = GRE_germanos_karavaggelis
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_moschopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_anastasios_charalambis
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_trikoupis
recruit_character = GRE_sofoklis_dousmanis
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_hatzikyriakos
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_kakoulidis
recruit_character = GRE_dimitris_ioannou
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_polymenakos
recruit_character = GRE_metropolitan_chrysostom
recruit_character = GRE_aristeidis_stergiadis
recruit_character = GRE_dimosthenis_ligdopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_epameinondas_zymvrakakis



1910.1.1 = {
	oob = "GRE_1910"
	set_rule = {
		can_join_factions = no
	}

	set_variable = {
		var = GRE_IFC_var
		value = 0.3
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = GRE_stability_var
		value = -0.2
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = GRE_pp_var
		value = -0.15
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = GRE_foreign_cost
		value = 150
	}
	add_dynamic_modifier = {
		modifier = GRE_IFC_dynamic_modifier
	}
	add_dynamic_modifier = {
		modifier = GRE_political_turmoil_dynamic_modifier
	}
	add_dynamic_modifier = {
		modifier = GRE_agrarian_society_dynamic_modifier
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = GRE_efficiency_cap_var
		value = -0.15
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = GRE_efficiency_growth_var
		value = -0.15
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = GRE_construction_speed_var
		value = -0.1
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = GRE_factory_output_var
		value = -0.15
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = GRE_military_construction_speed_var
		value = -0.75
	}
	
	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		tech_mountaineers = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		
		#armored
		early_armored_car = 1
		
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		howitzer1 = 1

		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		basic_train = 1
	}
	
	add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
		type = artillery_equipment_1
		amount = 100
		producer = GRE
    }
	add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
		type = support_equipment
		amount = 100
		producer = GRE
    }
	
	add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
		type = infantry_equipment_0
		amount = 3000
		producer = GRE
    }

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1906.12.11" 
		election_frequency = 44 
		elections_allowed = yes
	}	
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 2
		communism = 3
		democratic = 27
		neutrality = 68
	}

	add_ideas = {
		limited_conscription
		gre_the_megali_idea
		gre_shadow_of_97
		GRE_idea_george_i
		gre_victors_of_the_macedonian_struggle
		GRE_idea_george_i
	}
	
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_subject_autonomy_feature = yes
		}
		set_autonomy = {
			target = CRE
			autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_unilateral_union
			freedom_level = 0.5
		}
		else = {
			puppet = CRE
			CRE = { add_ideas = unilateral_union }
		}
	}
	
	if = {
		limit = {
			not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		}

		set_naval_oob = "GRE_1910_naval_legacy"

		set_technology = {
			early_destroyer = 1
			basic_destroyer = 1
			early_light_cruiser = 1
			early_heavy_cruiser = 1
			early_battleship = 1
			transport = 1
		}

		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Hydra Class"
			type = battleship_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Vasilefs Georgios Class"
			type = battleship_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Vasilissa Olga Class"
			type = battleship_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Navarchos Miaoulis Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Niki Class"
			type = destroyer_2
			parent_version = 0
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Thyella Class"
			type = destroyer_2
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}

		set_naval_oob = "GRE_1910_naval_mtg"

		set_technology = {	
			early_ship_hull_light = 1
			basic_ship_hull_light = 1
			early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			basic_torpedo = 1
			smoke_generator = 1
			basic_battery = 1
			basic_medium_battery = 1
			basic_heavy_battery = 1
			basic_secondary_battery = 1
			improved_secondary_battery = 1
			basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
			mtg_transport = 1
			pre_dreadnoughts = 1
		}

		# Ironclads #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Hydra Class"
			type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
			name_group = GRE_BB_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Vasilefs Georgios Class"
			type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
			name_group = GRE_BB_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Vasilissa Olga Class"
			type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
			name_group = GRE_BB_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		# Sail Cruisers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Navarchos Miaoulis Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GRE_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		# Destroyers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Niki Class"
			type = ship_hull_light_2
			name_group = GRE_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Thyella Class"
			type = ship_hull_light_2
			name_group = GRE_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date < 1914.1.1
		}
		country_event = { id =  ww1_greece.25 days = 100 }
		country_event = { id =  ww1_greece.26 days = 156 }
	}
    country_event = { id = ww1_developer_note.5 days = 1}
}

1914.1.1 = {
	oob = "GRE_1914"
	set_rule = {
		can_join_factions = no
	}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1910.6.13" 
		election_frequency = 60 
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100
	
	
	#industrial tree
	unlock_national_focus = GRE_state_of_the_currency
	unlock_national_focus = GRE_support_monopolies
	unlock_national_focus = GRE_finalize_railway_network
	unlock_national_focus = GRE_negociation_to_ifc
	complete_national_focus = GRE_manage_debts

	#venizelos tree
	complete_national_focus = GRE_dragoumis_resignation
	complete_national_focus = GRE_appoint_venizelos
	complete_national_focus = GRE_promote_national_unity
	complete_national_focus = GRE_dissolve_the_parliament
	complete_national_focus = GRE_appeal_to_the_people
	complete_national_focus = GRE_boycott_the_old_parties
	complete_national_focus = GRE_alienate_the_opposition
	complete_national_focus = GRE_promise_modest_reforms
	complete_national_focus = GRE_convene_a_revisionary_assembly
	complete_national_focus = GRE_strengthen_the_party
	unlock_national_focus = GRE_declare_new_elections
	complete_national_focus = GRE_1911_constitution
	complete_national_focus = GRE_reform_the_status_of_property
	complete_national_focus = GRE_labor_legislation
	complete_national_focus = GRE_separation_of_powers

	#political tree
	complete_national_focus = GRE_treaty_of_athens
	complete_national_focus = GRE_consolidate_new_territories
	unlock_national_focus = GRE_unite_with_crete
	unlock_national_focus = GRE_florence_protocol
	unlock_national_focus = GRE_construct_new_forts
	
	#military tree
	complete_national_focus = GRE_reorganize_the_armed_forces
	complete_national_focus = GRE_continue_army_reforms
	unlock_national_focus = GRE_invite_french_attache
	unlock_national_focus = GRE_thessaly_maneuvers
	complete_national_focus = GRE_reorganize_the_staff_service
	complete_national_focus = GRE_create_a_recruitment_plan
	complete_national_focus = GRE_organize_logistic_support_services
	complete_national_focus = GRE_create_the_reserve_officer_corps
	complete_national_focus = GRE_finance_epk
	complete_national_focus = GRE_prepare_for_the_balkan_confict
	#naval tree
	complete_national_focus = GRE_naval_expansion
	unlock_national_focus = GRE_invite_british_naval_mission
	complete_national_focus = GRE_aegean_exercises
	complete_national_focus = GRE_reorganize_the_navy_ministry
	complete_national_focus = GRE_adopt_british_naval_organization
	complete_national_focus = GRE_reform_naval_training
	complete_national_focus = GRE_buy_ships
	complete_national_focus = GRE_expand_ionian_ports
	#air tree
	complete_national_focus = GRE_form_the_hellenic_aviation_service
	complete_national_focus = GRE_purchase_scout_planes

	annex_country = {
		target = CRE
		transfer_troops = yes
	}
	CRE = { drop_cosmetic_tag = yes }

	retire_character = GRE_george_i
	retire_character = GRE_konstantinos_sapountzakis
	GRE_constantine_i = {
		set_character_name = GRE_constantine_i
		promote_character = semi_constitutional_monarchy
	}
	promote_character = GRE_eleftherios_venizelos
	add_war_support = 0.1
	set_country_flag = join_balkan_league
	set_country_flag = join_antibulgarian_league
	clr_country_flag = GRE_work_legislation
	clr_country_flag = GRE_bureaucracy_legislation
	clr_country_flag = GRE_land_reforms
	ROOT = {
		add_opinion_modifier = {
			target = SER
			modifier = HOI4TGW_Opinion_improved_diplomatic_relations
		}
	}
	SER = {
		add_opinion_modifier = {
			target = ROOT
			modifier = HOI4TGW_Opinion_improved_diplomatic_relations
		}
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = {
		target = TUR
		modifier = small_decrease
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = {
		target = TUR
		modifier = HOI4TGW_Opinion_hostile_relations_post_balkan_war
	}
	set_global_flag = gre_federacion
	promote_character = GRE_avraam_benaroya
	set_party_name = { 
		ideology = communism
		long_name = GRE_federacion_party_long
		name = GRE_federacion_party
	}
	set_country_flag = gre_federacion_kicked
	country_event = { id = ww1_developer_note.5 days = 1}
	set_global_flag = greece_george_i_assassinated
	set_country_flag = GRE_1910_elections
	set_country_flag = epirus_free
	set_country_flag = alexandros_schinas_died
	set_country_flag = greco_serbian_alliance
	set_country_flag = Sapountzakis_retires
	set_country_flag = certan_ministers_in
	remove_ideas = GRE_idea_george_i
	add_ideas = {
		GRE_idea_constantine
		GRE_agricultural_education_idea
	}	
	add_timed_idea = {
		idea = gre_french_military_mission
		days = 50
	}
	add_timed_idea = {
		idea = gre_british_naval_mission
		days = 300
	}
	add_to_variable = {
		var = GRE_efficiency_cap_var
		value = 0.09
	}
	add_to_variable = {
		var = GRE_efficiency_growth_var
		value = 0.09
	}
	add_to_variable = {
		var = GRE_construction_speed_var
		value = 0.06
	}
	add_to_variable = {
		var = GRE_factory_output_var
		value = 0.11
	}
	add_to_variable = {
		var = GRE_stability_var
		value = 0.04
	}
	add_to_variable = {
		var = GRE_pp_var
		value = 0.06
	}
	GRE_update_political_turmoil_dynamic_modifier = yes
}