capital=431
oob="RAJ_1910"

set_stability=0.31
set_convoys=20

set_cosmetic_tag = RAJ_UK

recruit_character = RAJ_gilbert_elliot
recruit_character = RAJ_bal_gangadhar_tilak
recruit_character = RAJ_keshav_baliram_hedgewar
recruit_character = RAJ_manabendra_nath_roy

recruit_character = RAJ_rajendra_prasad
recruit_character = RAJ_john_nixon
recruit_character = RAJ_charles_hardinge
recruit_character = RAJ_sir_charles_townshend
recruit_character = RAJ_mohandas_karamchand_gandhi

recruit_character = RAJ_abul_kalam_azad
recruit_character = RAJ_vallabhbhai_patel
recruit_character = RAJ_jawaharlal_nehru
recruit_character = RAJ_arthur_a_barrett
recruit_character = RAJ_james_willcocks
recruit_character = RAJ_havelock_hudson
recruit_character = RAJ_walter_braithwaite
recruit_character = RAJ_reginald_dyer
recruit_character = RAJ_william_e_parry
recruit_character = RAJ_ram_dass_katari
recruit_character = RAJ_louis_mountbatten
recruit_character = RAJ_agha_khan_iii
recruit_character = RAJ_sir_mohammed_iqbal
recruit_character = RAJ_sir_william_duke
recruit_character = RAJ_alexander_cobbe
recruit_character = RAJ_bhaskar_soman

1910.1.1 = {
	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		camelry = 1
	
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		basic_train = 1
        
		
		transport = 1
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
		set_technology = {
			mtg_transport = 1
		}
		else = {
			set_technology = {
				transport = 1
			}
		}	
	}	

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1910.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 10
		fascism = 2
		communism = 1
		neutrality = 87
	}
	
	add_ideas = {
		RAJ_agrarian_society
		RAJ_marginalized_muslim_community
		RAJ_princely_states
	}
}
1914.1.1 = {
	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100

	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = state_of_the_country_army
	complete_national_focus = modernize_equipment
	complete_national_focus = capital_manoeuvers
	complete_national_focus = planes_experiments
	complete_national_focus = naval_experience
	unlock_national_focus = naval_expansion
	complete_national_focus = early_industrialization
	complete_national_focus = new_roads
	unlock_national_focus = develop_capital
	unlock_national_focus = capital_country_arsenal
	complete_national_focus = open_the_political_sphere

	retire_character = RAJ_gilbert_elliot
	promote_character = RAJ_charles_hardinge

	set_capital = { state = 439 }

	add_popularity = {
		ideology = democratic
		popularity = 0.15
	}
}


