capital = 46

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.34
set_convoys = 10

recruit_character = UKR_mykhailo_hrushevskyi
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_shumsky
recruit_character = UKR_yevhen_konovalets
recruit_character = UKR_mykola_mikhnovsky
recruit_character = UKR_pavlo_skoropadskyi

recruit_character = UKR_vasyl_i

recruit_character = UKR_symon_petliura
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_vynnychenko

recruit_character = UKR_yevgenia_bosch
recruit_character = UKR_yuriy_pyatakov

recruit_character = UKR_konstantin_prisovsky
recruit_character = UKR_oleksander_osetsky
recruit_character = UKR_mykhailo_omelianovychpavlenko
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_oskilko
recruit_character = UKR_oleksander_hrekov
recruit_character = UKR_sergey_delwig
recruit_character = UKR_nikifor_grigoriev
recruit_character = UKR_vasyl_tyutyunnyk
recruit_character = UKR_yuriy_tyutyunnyk
recruit_character = UKR_ivan_poltavets_ostrianytsia
recruit_character = UKR_andriy_pokrovskiy
recruit_character = UKR_vsevolod_petriv
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_udovichenko
recruit_character = UKR_boris_butenko
recruit_character = UKR_maksym_slavinsky
recruit_character = UKR_mykola_sachno_ustymovych
recruit_character = UKR_serhiy_gutnik
recruit_character = UKR_andriy_livytsky
recruit_character = UKR_serhiy_ostapenko
recruit_character = UKR_antin_rzhepetsky
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_naumenko
recruit_character = UKR_fedir_lyzohub
recruit_character = UKR_mykola_vasylenko
recruit_character = UKR_petro_stebnytsky
recruit_character = UKR_vasyl_kolokoltsov
recruit_character = UKR_dmytro_doroshenko
recruit_character = UKR_serhiy_yefremov
recruit_character = UKR_yuliy_vagner
recruit_character = UKR_ihor_kistiakovsky
recruit_character = UKR_serhiy_zavadsky
recruit_character = UKR_oleksander_lototsky

recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_zatonskij

1910.1.1 = {
	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		motorised_infantry = 1
		tech_mountaineers = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		
		#armor
		early_armored_car = 1
		
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		
		#doctrine
		ww1_landdoctrine = 1
		
		#navy
		transport = 1

		#air
		scout_plane = 1
		
		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		aircraft_engine = 1
		generator_battery = 1
		basic_train = 1
        
	}
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1910.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 38
		fascism = 0
		communism = 24
		neutrality = 38
	}	
}
